Add initial implementation (#1)
paketo-buildpacks/libdependency: README.md

# Libdependency

> This exists to assist buildpack authors construct code to retrieve new versions and their associated metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package libdependency provides a library for buildpack authors to construct code to retrieve new versions and their associated metadata.
```

Author: will fix with a new commit

> It also contains various helpers and actions to assist the overall dependencies workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also contains various helpers and actions to assist the overall dependency management workflow.
```

Author: will fix with a new commit

## Integration

> ### Retrieval

Reviewer: I'd also like to see the other functionality available documented here

Author: some docs have been added

The retrieve subpackage has an entrypoint func called `NewMetadata` that takes in various information and functions.

```go
type HasVersionsFunc func() ([]versionology.HasVersion, error)
type GenerateMetadataFunc func(version versionology.HasVersion) (cargo.ConfigMetadataDependency, error)

func NewMetadata(id string, getNewVersions HasVersionsFunc, generateMetadata GenerateMetadataFunc, targets ...string)
```

The role of `HasVersionsFunc` is to return all known versions from an online source.

- For `nginx` this could be obtained from https://github.com/nginx/nginx/tags
- For `bundler` this could be obtained from https://rubygems.org/api/v1/versions/bundler.json

The implementation of `HasVersionsFunc` returns an array of structs that implement `versionology.HasVersion`.
This allows buildpack authors to use whatever custom struct they need, since `libdependency` only needs the version.

The role of `GenerateMetadataFunc` is to take in a single version and generate all the associated metadata for it.

> That way `NewMetadata` can assemble the `metadata.json` file containing all new metadata for all new versions.

Reviewer: This README documentation of the functions is a little wordy and hard to follow. It's not clear from this how someone would use HasVersionsFunc or GetMetadataFunc. There needs to be a lot more detail here. What needs to be provided from the user?

I think in the README, I would expect a straight to the point description of the function and its API. Extra details can go in the GoDoc comments in the code itself

# Libdependency

Package libdependency provides a library for buildpack authors to construct code to retrieve new versions and their associated metadata.

It also contains various helpers and actions to assist the overall dependency management workflow.

## Integration

### Retrieval

The retrieve subpackage has an entrypoint func called `NewMetadata` that takes in various information and functions.
Buildpack authors will need to pass implementations for `VersionFetcherFunc` and `GenerateMetadataFunc` into the
`NewMetadataFunc`. The job of `NewMetadataFunc` is to read in the workflow inputs, run the provided functions, and provide
the appropriate outputs to the workflow.

```go
type VersionFetcherFunc func() ([]versionology.VersionFetcher, error)

> type GenerateMetadataFunc func(version versionology.VersionFetcher) (cargo.ConfigMetadataDependency, error)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type GenerateMetadataFunc func(version versionology.VersionFetcher) (versionology.Dependency, error)
```

Author: Good catch. The PR hasn't even been merged and already the docs are out of date. Yikes. Will fix in another push.

func NewMetadata(id string, getNewVersions VersionFetcherFunc, generateMetadata GenerateMetadataFunc, targets ...string)
```

The role of `VersionFetcherFunc` is to return all known versions from an online source as an array of `versionology.VersionFetcher`.

Buildpacks authors can choose the source of these versions. Some examples include:

- `nginx` versions from https://github.com/nginx/nginx/tags
- `bundler` versions from https://rubygems.org/api/v1/versions/bundler.json

The role of `GenerateMetadataFunc` is to take in a single version and generate all the associated metadata for it.
That way `NewMetadata` can assemble the `metadata.json` file containing all new metadata for all new versions.

TODOs:
- Increase test coverage
- Bring in test cases from `dep-server` for `retrieve/licenses.go` and `retrieve/purl.go`.

> - Bring in common decompression functions from `dep-server` for extracting licenses

Reviewer: Are these still left TODO?

Author: Yeah. I don't personally feel like they should block this PR since the output of this library will be visible in the bump dependency PRs.

Reviewer: Sure, I don't think they belong on the README though. Maybe in separate issues.

Author: Good call. I'll make issues.

Author: See #2, #3, #4.
